good morning well I say it's morning
it's actually quite late I didn't get to
bed until about one half one last night
because I was working on my mum's
present which she's very intrigued about
now I just wanted to get it finished but
I didn't actually manage to because
there was one thing that's needed to be
uploaded and it took overnight to upload
and even now it's only 10 20 % uploaded
so that means that at the moment it's
like half eight quarter to nine which is
so late and I'm still in my pajamas I'm
going to go and have a shower now if you
were watching when my earlier vlogs you
all have seen that we had a hole in the
ceiling because we took off the
showerhead but now a new shower I had
has arrived which is really great my
sister my mum and I didn't really like
the stream of water it was actually
really heavy it was actually quite
painful but we wouldn't he showerhead
now which is quite exciting I started
off my studying today by doing some
organic questions for chemistry I was
given six double-sided pages of practice
questions by my teacher and I just made
my way through these and I found them to
be really helpful they were laid out
like flashcards
I've got to say I'm having a really
unproductive day I have done maybe a
dozen pages of chemistry questions and
at the moment I'm doing some organic
mechanisms practice but before that I
was actually looking online and trying
to find decorations for the Christmas
table because I've mentioned before that
I'm in charge of decorating the table
this year I've been given a budget to
purchase the items for the table that
I'm finding it really hard to find
affordable items which will also will go
together and so I was doing that for
maybe an hour and a half or two hours
which is a long time to be looking
through websites and shops and I don't
really like shopping
then Here I am decorating our hue tree
this hasn't been decorated but we put it
up in December and my dad said that we
just had to get around to decorating it
so I just put up all of our spare
decorations really these are our
multicolored decorations and there are
some homemade ones here as well I
thought it looked really good at the end
so I'm just quickly tidying up my study
space and also of course lighting a
candle and this is the same one that I
used yesterday because I kind of want to
use this one up now because there's so
little left and then I just went through
my journeys and notes which I had
actually finished earlier this day and I
just put them all into a folder so that
I could have all of them in one place
but I realized I didn't actually have
enough Polly Pockets so I had to hole
punch half of them and this was the fun
finished product and I've got to say I
thought it looked rather a static
then here I was writing some essay plans
on the different characters in journeys
and
you
as you can see this did take me quite a
while because I am still doing the same
thing in this clip and the clip after
this I think
I just finished writing the asset plans
for each of the characters in journey's
end and now I'm going to do some
Christmas wrapping for my friend Ruby's
Christmas present and also do a few
last-minute things for the stockings
were exchanging I'm really sorry but I
realized that I never rounded off this
vlog so I am doing so on my computer on
a 22nd of December also I do need to say
that the next two days worth of logs
will not be going up unfortunately
because I lost all the footage I don't
know what happened to it but it's all
vanished from my camera SD card which is
really annoying just keep that in mind
so thank you for watching and have
productive week